YellowMap sponsor blogpost (#710)
maplibre/maplibre.github.io: src/content/news/2026-05-15-yellowmap-announcement/index.mdx

authors: [ramya-ragupathy]
draft: false
---

import { Image } from "astro:assets";
import maplibreLogo from "./maplibre-logo-for-light-bg.svg";
import yellowmapLogo from "./smartmaps-logo.svg";
import smartmapsExample from "./smartmaps-store-locator.png";
import Announcement from "../../../components/Announcement.astro";

We are thrilled to officially welcome [YellowMap](https://yellowmap.com/) as a Silver sponsor of the MapLibre organization!

<div
  style={{
    backgroundColor: "white",
    padding: "2rem",
    border: "10px solid #cfd8dc",
    borderRadius: "0",
    marginBottom: "3rem",
    display: "flex",
    justifyContent: "center",
    alignItems: "center",
    gap: "2rem",
    flexWrap: "nowrap",
    overflow: "hidden",
  }}
>
  <Image
    src={maplibreLogo}
    alt="MapLibre logo"
    style={{
      width: "40%",
      maxWidth: "300px",
      height: "auto",
      objectFit: "contain",
    }}
  />
  <Image
    src={yellowmapLogo}
    alt="YellowMap logo"
    style={{
      width: "40%",
      maxWidth: "330px",
      height: "auto",
      objectFit: "contain",
    }}
  />
</div>

## Why YellowMap Chose MapLibre: A Shift to Modern Vector Maps

> For YellowMap, the decision to migrate to MapLibre was driven by the evolution of modern mapping standards. They recently transitioned from raster map configurations to vector tile approach allowing for smoother zooming and easier customisation. During this transition, YellowMap conducted exhaustive high-load and performance testing to ensure complete feature parity with their legacy systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For YellowMap, the decision to migrate to MapLibre was driven by a desire to modernise and add functionality. They recently transitioned from raster map configurations to vector tile approach allowing for smoother zooming and easier customisation. During this transition, YellowMap conducted exhaustive high-load and performance testing that confirmed MapLibre could meet their high standards.
```
